and they took our group where's gruel
who's this a frog nah man this is a
fraud don't worry I'm brain I camouflage
right into the grass they'll never see
me I'm gonna know he thinks I'm part of
the water or something I'm a fucking
genius for this idea he thinks he's
green he thinks I can't see him thinks
I'm a fucking corn dog thinks I was born
yesterday like you're not tricking me I
can see you right there you're not
tricking me I know it's you that all day
I can see you I can fuck are you serious
or for real ribbon cuz if you're serious
if serious is you thought that was gonna
kill me
what the fuck sake of RTO a plain
fucking dumb dumb fuckin idiot tell me
how that ignite works out for you
trundle watch suck my but we we breath
what did I just get chat restricted for
saying suck my but we we breath what is
it 12 or 3 right here it says 12 over
here it says you got 3 games remain
ok ok said all them said on this one
said um you guys remind me of Froot
Loops uh you fucking suck said it said
it that's a good one yeah yeah well I
didn't say that last part no no no I did
say see they don't get it they don't get
it doesn't make any sense
you gotta wanna redo do a redo do it
over I didn't I didn't put that last
part guy didn't pack up all this you
know that's a good one Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam Bam Bam gonna have to break out my
main braum top baby that's what I'm
talking about all day crunk top what am
i fucking retarded over here but he's
stupid as shit and not right up okay
this daddy bitch
getting the fuck out of here Rahm pam
pam pam s bamm-bamm
well we'll slap my ass and call me Larry
the Cable Guy but boo come on Gary come
on oh I can go invisible who's playing
this a cow
Adam Sandler get the fuck out I slap my
ass and call me Steve Harvey cuz I'm a
fucking dead man oh oh killed that boy
faster than the $3.00 Casa della oh I
tell you what my kid just bought
festering a New York hoedown on same boy
was working my camera
god damn it now now normally I wouldn't
put this clip in the video it's not very
cool it's not very crazy play but his
team Oh ladies and gentlemen watch me
kill this stupid team oh look at OBD
fucking pissed better watch out he's
gonna get chant restrict it all let's
you know what I think I think it's time
we get him again oh oh wait he's pulling
the broom ladies gentlemen Darius grant
plant plant plant Blanche
suck on that doofus dick o.o why what up
whoa that's why they call me Larry the
Cable Guy folks cuz I always get the
last laugh